New job postings (#4153)
CodaProtocol/coda: frontend/website/jobs/product-engineering-intern.markdown

- Early stage startup experience
- Experience with contributing to Open Source

## About us

O(1) Labs is aiming to develop the first cryptocurrency protocol that can deliver on the promise of supporting real-world applications and widespread use. Our team is based in San Francisco, and we are funded by top investors (including Polychain, Metastable, Max Levchin, and Naval Ravikant).

We’re bringing Coda Protocol to market, a cryptocurrency that compresses the blockchain from hundreds of gigabytes down to the size of a few tweets. It can scale to thousands of transactions per second and millions of users while remaining decentralized enough for cellphones to be fully verifying nodes.

We’re working on technologies with the potential to reimagine social structures. We believe it’s important to incorporate diverse perspectives from conception through realization.

This is a chance to join a small, collaborative team and have a ton of independence while working on fascinating cross-disciplinary problems that span cryptography, engineering, product design, economics, and sociology. We also offer competitive compensation both in salary and equity as well as top-of-the-market benefits.

> If you’d be interested in talking further, please get in touch by sending an email with your resume and the subject “Product Engineer Applicant” to [jobs@o1labs.org](mailto:jobs@o1labs.org?subject=%22Senior%20Frontend%20Engineer%20Applicant%22).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’d be interested in talking further, please get in touch by sending an email with your resume and the subject “Product Engineer Intern Applicant” to [jobs@o1labs.org](mailto:jobs@o1labs.org?subject=%22Product%20Engineer%20Intern%20Applicant%22).
```
